

Create a Project:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver075/creating-a-project-935390812.html

Q: What is the relation between a project key and an issue name?
A: The issue name starts with the project key.

Q: Can there be two project with the same name?
A: No, a project name is unique, as well as the project key.

Add Users:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver075/adding-new-users-935390814.html

Q: Are usernames case sensitive? 
A: No.


Managing permissions:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver075/managing-permissions-935390817.html

Q: Select the enteties that a global permission can be assigned to:
   Users
   Groups
   Roles
A: Only to Groups.

Q: Select the enteties that a project permission can be assigned to:
   Users
   Groups
   Roles
A: To all of them.

Q: Where can you add a new role?
A: Under: Settings>System>Project roles

Q: Where do you create a new permission scheme?
A: Under: Settings>Issues>Permission schemes

Q: Where do you apply a permission scheme to a project?
A: Under: Project settings>Permissions>Actions


JIRA applications and project types overview:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver078/jira-applications-and-project-types-overview-947188387.html

Q: Name all three Jira applications?
A: Jira Core, Jira Software, Jira Servicedesk

Q: Can a user without application access for Jira Software, but with Browse permission for a given Jira Software project, 
open the project, and read the issues?
A: Yes.

Q: Can a user without application access for Jira Software, but with Browse permission for a given Jira Software project,
open a board (i.e. a Scrum Board) in that project?
A: No, as he has no application access, he can not see application specific content.


Installing additional applications and version updates:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver078/installing-additional-applications-and-version-updates-947188429.html

Q: Where can you manage the Jira applications?
A: Under: Settings>Applications>Versions & licenses

Q: How can you update an application to an arbitrary version (usefull, when you need anohter version than the latest)? 
A: Get the version update file from the Atlassian download pages, and use the Upload an application link under Settings>Applications>Versions & licenses

Q: Which permission do to update or install a Jira Application?
A: The global permission "JIRA Adinistrator".


Configuring projects:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver078/configuring-projects-947188651.html

Q: Give a definition of a Jira project:
A: Jira projects are a way of grouping issues together and a way of applying the same sets of configurations to issues.
 

Defining a project:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/adminjiraserver078/defining-a-project-947188652.html

Q: Wich permission do you need to create a project?
A: The JIRA Administrators global permission.

Q: When you create a new project from a template, that project is created with its own set of schemes. Which are those schemes:
A: These schemes are:
a permission scheme (default)
a notification scheme (default)
an issue security scheme
a workflow scheme
an issue type scheme
an issue type screen scheme
a field configuration scheme (default)

Q: How can you use the configuration of an existing project?
A: When you create a project, you can select "Create with shared configuration", insteat of selecting a project type,  
to select an existing project and to use that project's schemes.

Q: Which permission do you need to change a project category?
A: Project administrator or higher.

Q: Where do you change the project category?
A: Under: Project settings>Details

Q: If you delete a project, what will be deleted, and what not?
A: Deleting a project will only delete the issues, versions and components associated with the project. 
It won't delete any of the associated schemes, workflows or issues types, or any content that could be shared with another project.

Q: Where do you change the project key?
A: Under: Project settings>Details

Q: Where can you create a project category? 
A: Under: Settings>Projects>Project Categories

Q: Why are categories useful? 
A: For filtering and sorting of issues and projects, by category.

Q: Can a project belong to many categories?
A: No, only to one.

Q: Can project categories be hirachical? 
A: No.

Q: List all the configuration sections in the summery of the project settings.
A: Issue types, Workflows, Screens, Fields, Settings, Versions, Components, Roles, Permissions, Notifications, Development tools

Q: Give a definition of a screen in Jira.
A: A screen is simply a collection of fields.

Q: Name the types of schemes, that are relevant to say which fields are visible, on an issue operation.
A: The "Issue Type Screen Scheme" and the "Screen Scheme"

Q: What does a field configuration do?
A: A field configuration determines each field's overall visibility, requiredness, formatting (wiki/rich-text or plain) and help-text.

Q: What is a precondition for adding an Application Link to a project?
A: An AppLink on system level. I.e. between Jira and Confluence.




